Impossible absolutely impossible
Thought it would
There aren't many of my old coins on the market
I may go at a price.
Just now
A lot of the same coins not long ago
Maybe there are many more.
Dad?
Tell me.
That's right, I mean dad
Dad, don't listen to their nonsense
We have done so many projects
Impossible to move
Something happened to this animal
The Daonu I didn't pay a lot for hasn't been invested yet
The mother suddenly collapsed
People lost 30 million
Uh-huh.
Absolutely impossible
Ah, the long night of the bear family
There is the screams of Tiger Niang, applause
Li Yi
What did you do?
I didn't do anything.
I just want your Xu family to die
I think you can't do it, go to hell